.\"Copyright 2012 (c) EPFL
.TH EEGDEV-EEGO 5 2012 "EPFL" "EEGDEV library manual"
.SH NAME
eegdev-eego - eegdev backend for Antneuro eego hardware.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.LP
The \fBeego\fP plugin implements the backend of the eegdev library for
Antneuro eego hardware. It supports both \fB32\fP, \fB64\fP and \fB128\fP caps. It automatically detects the cap layout.

By default, USB devices are \fBonly\fP accessible by root.
To allow normal users to use the eego amplifier, add a \fBudev rule\fP:

1) sudo cp <yourPath>/eegdev/auxconfig/90-eego.rules /etc/udev/rules.d

2) sudo service udev restart

.SH CONFIGURATION
.LP
This plugin supports several options. The default value will be used
if none of the configuration files nor the configuration string (see
\fBegd_open\fP(3)) specify the option.
.TP

.B SR
The sampling rate can be set to \fB500\fP, \fB512\fP, \fB1000\fP, \fB1024\fP, \fB2000\fP, \fB2048\fP, \fB4000\fP, \fB4096\fP, \fB8000\fP, \fB8192\fP, \fB16000\fP, \fB16384\fP Hz. Default value is \fB512\fP Hz.
.TP

.B EEG_MASK
The eeg mask is the hexadecimal representation of the binary mask defining which eeg electrodes to use. Default value is \fB0xFFFFFFFEFFFFFFF\fP for the CA-200 cap (use of all the electrodes excetp EOG).

For example, in case of a 32 cap, recording only the first 4 electrodes requires the binary mask: 0...011111 (first electrodes are on the right). The corresponding hexadecimal representation is 0xFFFFFFFF.

In case of the 128 montage, the plugin can only receive the default value \fB0xFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF\fP (limitation of the provided SDK).

.TP

.B BIP_MASK
The bipolar mask is the hexadecimal representation of the binary mask defining what  bipolar electrodres to use. Default value is \fB0x000000\fP.
.TP

.SH FILES
.IP "/etc/eegdev/eegdev.conf" 4
.PD
Shared configuration file.
.IP "/etc/eegdev/eego.conf" 4
.PD
Configuration file loaded when the plugin is used. The settings specified
here overrides the settings in the shared configuration file.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR egd_open (3),
.BR eegdev-options (5)

